Note that test run on Docker (#15)
quipper/devops-test: README.md

### Restriction

- Use at least 1 programming code. You can use any kind of programming languages.
- Use at least 1 database which can use SQL or SQL-like query, such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, sqlite3, InfluxDB, etc...
- Take in real-world problems into consideration (e.g. performance, maintainability)
- Prepare instructions for setup and running using Docker or docker-compose and include it in the submission.

>   - Make sure your programming language and database run on Docker. This is for the reviewer to easily test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Make sure your programming language and database run on Docker. This is for reviewers to test easily.
```
